#labels Featured
nookMarket

***IMPORANT INFO***
you need the latest softroot to enable upgrades. 
For the old softroot, do the following-

Create a file - market.xml and put the following in there-
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<allowUpgrades>n</allowUpgrades>

This will force the market app to uninstall apps before installing. But all your app data will be retained.

This file has to go in the root ( either internal or external sd card).
***


The idea here is to mimic the android app store & list all the apps available for nook, allow install/upgrades, uninstall, checking for new versions of installed apps etc.

Steps to Add a new app to the store:

If your app is maintained under nookdevs project, just upload the apk in the downloads section & update updatesfeed.xml with app details. Make sure to include version and pkg tags.

Example entry:
<pre>
<entry> 
     <title>nookLibrary</title> 
     <link type="application/vnd.android.package-archive" 
           href="http://nookdevs.googlecode.com/files/nookLibrary.apk"/> 
     <version>0.1.0</version> 
     <pkg>com.nookdevs.library</pkg> 
     <content type="text">Browse, sort and search books on the Nook.  
     </content> 
   </entry>  
</pre>

If your app is in a different repository,
create an xml file with the following syntax, put it in a place accessible without userid/pass and send us the link (create a task under Issues section).

<pre>
<?xml version="1.0"?> 
 <feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom"> 
   <title>nookDevs</title>  <!-- optional -->
   <author><name>nookDevs</name></author> <!-- optional -->
   <entry> 
    ... <!-- same as above example -->
   </entry> 
</feed>
</pre>

Again, make sure to update the contents of this file whenever the version changes. A single file can have multiple apps.