#labels Featured
Following changes are included in 0.0.7 version- updated on 03/15 with bug fixes.
<h2>1.Series info included in title.</h2>
Series name/nbr from calibre tags included in title. Sorting by title/author will keep series books together.
<h2>2.B&N books & covers</h2>
All B&N books are included in the listing. Covers for them are downloaded automatically and there is an option to download these books now.
<h2>3.Scanning logic optimizations</h2>
Moved some of the scanning parsing to background and also added a db to store more details about the books.

Following changes are included in 0.0.6 version-
<h2>1.Tags in pdf files </h2>
Added ability to read description and keyword tags from pdf files. Now, both epub and pdf files can have tags. pdb files still won't work.
<h2>2.Issue 34:</h2> Handling unexpected failures from IECMScannerService
<h2>3.Issue 38:</h2> Tags sort based on upper/lower case<br>

Following changes are included in 0.0.5 version-
<h2>1. Show menu keywords</h2>
Added option to read standard keywords from mybooks.xml file from sdcard root folder. 
Here is a sample file:
<pre>
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<keywords>

<keyword>Fiction</keyword>

<keyword>Nonfiction</keyword>

<keyword>Adventure</keyword>

<keyword>Sports</keyword>

</keywords>

</pre>
If this file is present, Keywords listed in the file will be included in the Show menu before other keywords automatically read from books.
<h2>2. Skipping folders</h2>
if you want to exclude a folder from the listing, create a file named .skip in the folder. 
Any folder with this file & all it's sub folders will be excluded from the scan.
Also, Files starting with . will be excluded from the listing.
<h2>3. longpress on up/down arrow keys</h2>
Pressing on these buttons for 3-4 secs will move the cursor to the top/bottom of the page.
<h2>4. Sorting</h2>
Fixed a problem with most_recent sort option. pdf files are sorted properly now. 
Also, books opened last will be listed at the top. This will not work if the file is opened from my library or other apps. 